[Music]
okay so today you guys already know that
I'm but the greedy one I wait company so
this is like my very first week like I'm
like super excited and I knew I wanted
him in there and I knew I wanted to just
look as natural as possible I did my
research on this company and I decided
to order from them so before we get into
the wig part I want to get into the
company now I watched a lot of videos
and reviews on this company as well and
most of them seem to be about the
communication of the company and let me
tell you the communication sucks
I ordered with my own money and like
when you order they don't even tell you
like estimated delivery date or anything
don't tell you if it's out of stock or
the in stock but it does tell you within
two weeks or plus like 45 days if it's
not in stock I don't want to order if
it's not in stock so people tell me it
was taking them like a month to get
their stuff and I'm like please do not
let it take a month so you know I tried
to email them I try to use a little chat
digging their hat on their page no
response so I'm thinking that I just get
scammed I like my money
like that costs me $156 like so I'm over
here worrying like and so finally it was
like a week and a half later I got a
text from like DHL which is who they
ship with and it said that it was
estimated delivery date was for the 24th
today is the 23rd so they come a day
early which is super exciting and in two
days that was made two weeks so I
actually got it before two weeks March
which which was nice but they had me
worrying at first like anyone home like
but anyways let's get into this wig
because this is like my most exciting
and favorite card we could just look at
this packaging look at this and say hair
beauty right there that's the company
and this feels so good like it's just
not like a box like so you know we just
open up our goodies or whatever this is
so cute like you can sit this somewhere
so first thing is this it's just telling
you how to care for your way and the
back is explaining their company this is
super cute we have our wig here
they also sent a Toni & Guy comb and two
clips which is really nice and they sent
me this wig cap notice we kept looking a
little dark but we don't see if it end
up being too dark in a video
imma go buy another one before I bring
out the wig I might insert like a
picture right there just to show you
guys with the picture on their site
looks like but I'm just gonna give you a
details of the week that I ordered
so this is it's a black Bob lace front
wig and this is Indian virgin hair it's
14 inches and it's the natural color so
like a 1 meat parting space is 4.5
inches you know like right about there
and mine system is small I swear I got a
big head but when I like didn't like
some you know some measuring tape
y'all know won't talk about it kept
saying 21.5 and you know I did from
around here and around my head you know
I'm saying some I guess I have a new
name have then the knots for beliefs so
the good thing about this week because
it is my first week this was such a
convenience that it already came
bleached and people up that is just real
nice right there okay and then you can
get an elastic bands so on for free
which is really nice because it cost 15
more dollars to get it bleached listen
we get hurt
I'm super excited
[Music]
the first thing I'm noticing which it
I saw a few other people's this met will
not get off to me I saw a few other
people say this too that they're not
sort a little over bleached and mines is
a little over bleach like can you see
that right there
like there just a little over bleach
like it's not bad yeah so no this
supposed to be a little Bob or whatever
which I'm super excited about this front
part looks so natural like look at this
look how nice that looks that's so tight
look at this like BAM I just want my
hair like this today so I'm just going
to go ahead and bobby pin these braids
[Music]
now get this all right laughs sit down
right here and look ya'll so we've got
lace in the back too so you know you can
pull it up in a little ponytail or
whatever goddess look so natural on my
scalp we come Metro this one and even
like with this a little over bleach
because I'm a little yellow no no it's
all right so the only thing about having
look here is piece of hair anything
about the knots being a little over
bleach is it no I hope that
[Music]
you know this week is getting me
together cuz I don't know I'll really
straight my hair all like that that's
why I won that straight
I'm back I took the lid off and put on
my wig cap in I'm just gonna go ahead
and cut this leg off
[Music]
party just a little bit to make
yeah so as always thank you guys for
watching you this YouTube video and
leave any comments if suggesting this
you guys have because a girl need um I
cannot keep my hands off his head like
it is